Data Science Suite (#696)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/3.13/data-science/graphrag/services/gen-ai.md

to define the profile to use for the service. For example, you can define a
GPU profile that enables the service to run an LLM on GPU resources.

## LLM Host Service Creation Request Body

```json
{
    "env": {
        "model_name": "<registered_model_name>"
    }
}
```

## Using Labels in Creation Request Body

```json
{
    "env": {
        "model_name": "<registered_model_name>"
    },
    "labels": {
        "key1": "value1",
        "key2": "value2"
    }
}
```
{{< info >}}
Labels are optional. Labels can be used to filter and identify services in
the platform. If you want to use labels, define them as a key-value pair in `labels`
within the `env` field.
{{< /info >}}

## Using Profiles in Creation Request Body

```json
{
    "env": {
        "model_name": "<registered_model_name>",
        "profiles": "gpu,internal"
    }
}
```

{{< info >}}
The `profiles` field is optional. If it is not set, the service is created with
the default profile. Profiles must be present and created in the platform before
they can be used. If you want to use profiles, define them as a comma-separated
string in `profiles` within the `env` field.
{{< /info >}}

> The service specific required parameters for the deployment are defined in the

Author: I think this captures the original meaning 
```suggestion
The parameters required for the deployment of each service are defined in the
```

corresponding service documentation.

## Obtaining a Bearer Token

Before you can authenticate with the GenAI service, you need to obtain a
Bearer token. You can generate this token using the ArangoDB authentication API:

```bash
curl -X POST https://<ExternalEndpoint>:8529/_open/auth \
  -d '{"username": "your-username", "password": "your-password"}'
```

This returns a JWT token that you can use as your Bearer token. For more
details about ArangoDB authentication and JWT tokens, see

> the [ArangoDB Authentication](https://docs.arangodb.com/stable/develop/http-api/authentication/#jwt-user-tokens)

Author: ```suggestion
the [ArangoDB Authentication](../../../develop/http-api/authentication/#jwt-user-tokens)
```
